So that it's been the module on modules and classes and I hope you'll learn and how this really helps
the language how it makes it easier to write more complex projects by splitting your code up over separate
files and using modules.
And by doing so in the future at least without the help of any other packages or third party tools you
need to get this to run in your browser.
You also saw how classes work how they are related to prototypes and how they make inheritance easier
and Javascript.
How would you make it easy to create certain blueprints and use and how they help you to work with the
objects and offer another very attractive way of doing so and shall a script.
And with that I want to conclude there's module and classes module and we'll continue to the next one
which will be about symbols.
What that is you'll learn in the next lectures.
See you there by